Approaching Strategy Delivering Statutory Financial
Introduction Governance BRSR
value creation review value reports statements
Integrated thinking
at Infosys
Integrated thinking at Infosys Integrated thinking at Infosys
Our integrated thought process is engineered to create, sustain and deliver value to Corporate strategy and ESG ambitions to power value creation
all our stakeholders. We achieve this by adhering to a strong set of values and code of
conduct, being aware of key developments in the external environment, deploying
Our strategy
resources optimally, executing our holistic strategy and continuously monitoring and Our clients and prospective clients are faced with transformative business opportunities due to advances in software and computing
technology. These organizations are dealing with the challenge of having to reinvent their core offerings, processes and systems rapidly
managing any risks to our business. and position themselves as 'digitally enabled'. The journey to the digital future requires not just an understanding of new technologies and
new ways of working, but a deep appreciation of existing technology landscapes, business processes and practices. Our strategy is to be a
navigator for our clients as they ideate, plan and execute their journey to a digital future.
We have embraced a four-pronged strategy to strengthen our relevance with clients and drive accelerated value creation
Our code of conduct Our values
Our Code of Conduct and Ethics Our values inform the day-to-day running of the Company. They form our ethical
Scale agile Energize the Reskill our Expand
sets forth our core values, shared backbone. Clear and simple, our values are encapsulated in the acronym C-LIFE.
digital core people localization
responsibilities, global commitments,
and promises. Read more in our Code of Conduct and Ethics
Read our Code of Conduct and Ethics Read more on page 36
Informing our thinking
Our ESG ambitions
Our operating context Our stakeholders' expectations Our material topics shaping our
Today’s highly dynamic technology landscape At Infosys, we believe that stakeholder ESG Vision 2030 Vision 2030
demands that business leaders address the engagement is critical and follow a robust Shaped by the expectations of our To shape and share solutions that serve the development of businesses and communities
twin imperatives of extending the value of engagement process for our internal and stakeholders and prevailing economic,
existing investments, and transforming and external stakeholders. We strive to create social and environmental trends, our
Environment
future-proofing their organizations in ways meaningful and long-lasting relationships material issues are those that have the
Preserve our planet by shaping and sharing
that are both disruptive and visionary. with our stakeholders, which include potential to influence business results, technology solutions
For the IT industry, these challenges mean clients, employees, investors, suppliers, our social relevance and the quality of our
deploying the power of next-generation alliance partners, communities, and relationships with our stakeholders. Social
technologies, including the full potential of government and regulatory bodies. Enable community development by creating
cloud computing. Read more in the Infosys ESG Vision 2030 meaningful opportunities for all
Read more in the Infosys ESG Vision 2030
Read more on page 28
Governance
Serve the interests of all our stakeholders by
leading through our core values
Resources we deploy to create value
Financial Capital Natural Capital
Value creation for stakeholders
Intellectual Capital Manufactured Capital
Being a partner Being a people Being a corporate Being an Being an ethically
Human Capital Social and Relationship Capital
to clients Company citizen environmental strong organization
steward
10 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2021-22 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2021-22 11

Approaching Strategy Delivering Statutory Financial
Introduction Governance BRSR
value creation review value reports statements
Infosys at a glance
Infosys at a glance Infosys at a glance
Employees Clients Our solutions are classified as digital and core.
Year 2021-22
3,14,015 39.6%
Digital
US$ 100 million+ 38
No. of employees Women employees US$ 50 million+ 64 Experience Accelerate
US$ 10 million+ 275
Revenues Insight Assure
I US$ 1 million+ 853
1,21,641 cr 57.0%
Innovate
Total Digital
Core
Application management services Infrastructure management services
Global footprint
Proprietary application development services Traditional enterprise application implementation
Independent validation solutions Support and integration services
54 countries
Product engineering and management Business process management
10
11
3 1 6 12
7 4
Infosys Cobalt™ is a set of services, solutions, and platforms for enterprises to accelerate their
9
5 2 14 cloud journey.
8
Key products and platforms
Revenue by geography Innovation hubs and design studios
13
1. Hartford 6. Providence 11. Düsseldorf
North America 61.7%
2. Richardson 7. San Francisco 12. Bucharest
Europe 24.8%
3. Indianapolis 8. Houston 13. Melbourne
Rest of the World 10.6%
4. Raleigh 9. Malvern 14. Shanghai
India 2.9% 5. Phoenix 10. London
Infosys Cyber Next Infosys Applied AI Infosys Live Enterprise Application Suite Infosys Cortex
12 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2021-22 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2021-22 13

Approaching Strategy Delivering Statutory Financial
Introduction Governance BRSR
value creation review value reports statements
The Infosys
Board of Directors
The Infosys Board of Directors The Infosys Board of Directors
Nandan M. Nilekani Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw D. Sundaram Bobby Parikh
Chairman Lead Independent Director Independent Director Independent Director
Nomination and remuneration Audit committee - Chairperson Audit committee - Member
committee - Chairperson
Risk management committee - Risk management committee -
Corporate social responsibility Chairperson Member
committee - Chairperson
Stakeholders relationship Stakeholders relationship
Salil Parekh Michael Gibbs Uri Levine Chitra Nayak
Environmental, social and committee - Chairperson committee - Member
Chief Executive Officer and Independent Director Independent Director Independent Director
governance committee -
Managing Director Nomination and remuneration
Chairperson
committee - Member
Cybersecurity risk Corporate social responsibility Corporate social responsibility
Risk management
sub-committee - Chairperson Cybersecurity risk committee - Member committee - Member
committee - Member
sub-committee - Member
Audit committee - Member Environmental, social and Environmental, social and
governance committee - Member governance committee - Member
Nomination and remuneration
committee - Member Risk management committee - Risk management committee -
Member Member
Risk management
committee - Member Cybersecurity risk Stakeholders relationship
Board composition
sub-committee - Member committee - Member
75% 75% 62.5%
25% 25%
37.5%
Independent Directors Men Indian
Non-Executive and Non-Independent Women Foreign national
Director and Executive Director
Note: The committee composition is as of March 31, 2022. Note: The committee composition is as of March 31, 2022.
14 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2021-22 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2021-22 15

Approaching Strategy Delivering Statutory Financial
Introduction Governance BRSR
value creation review value reports statements
The Infosys
Board of Directors
The Infosys Board of Directors The Infosys Board of Directors
Nandan M. Nilekani Salil Parekh Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw Michael Gibbs
Chairman and Non-Executive and Non-Independent Director Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director Lead Independent Director Independent Director
(Promoter)
Nationality Indian Nationality Indian Nationality American
Nationality Indian
Age 57 Age 69 Age 64
Age 66
Date of appointment January 02, 2018 Date of appointment January 10, 2014 Date of appointment July 13, 2018
Date of appointment August 24, 2017
Tenure on Board 4.2 years Date of reappointment April 01, 2019 Date of reappointment July 13, 2021
Tenure on Board 4.6 years
Term ending date January 01, 2023 Tenure on Board 8.2 years Tenure on Board 3.7 years
Term ending date NA
Shareholding 6,73,723 shares (0.02%) Term ending date March 22, 2023 Term ending date July 12, 2026
Shareholding 4,07,83,162 shares (0.97%)
Board memberships – Indian listed companies Shareholding Nil Shareholding Nil
Board memberships – Indian listed companies
Infosys Limited Executive Director Board memberships – Indian listed companies Board memberships – Indian listed companies
Non-Executive and
Infosys Limited Committee details as per Regulation 26 of Infosys Limited Independent Director Infosys Limited Independent Director
Non-Independent Director
Listing Regulations (1)(2)
Biocon Limited Executive Director Committee details as per Regulation 26 of
Committee details as per Regulation 26 of
Member: Nil Chairperson: Nil Listing Regulations (1)(2)
Listing Regulations(1)(2) Narayana Non-executive and
Areas of expertise Hrudayalaya Limited Non-independent Director Member: 2 Chairperson: Nil
Member: Nil Chairperson: Nil
Financial Board service & governance Syngene Non-executive and Areas of expertise
Areas of expertise
International Limited Non-independent Director
Diversity Sales & marketing Financial Board service & governance
Financial Board service & governance
United Breweries Limited Independent Director
Global business Sustainability & ESG Diversity Sales & marketing
Diversity Sales & marketing
Committee details as per Regulation 26 of
Global business Sustainability & ESG Leadership Risk management Listing Regulations (1)(2) Global business Sustainability & ESG
Leadership Risk management Information Technology Mergers & Acquisitions Member: 1 Chairperson: 1 Leadership Risk management
Information Technology Mergers & Acquisitions Cybersecurity Areas of expertise Information Technology Mergers & Acquisitions
Cybersecurity Profile available here Financial Board service & governance Cybersecurity
Diversity Sales & marketing
Profile available here Profile available here
Global business Sustainability & ESG
Leadership Risk management
Mergers & Acquisitions
Profile available here
1. In the committee details provided, every chairpersonship is also considered as a membership. 1. In the committee details provided, every chairpersonship is also considered as a membership.
2. For the purposes of determination of committee details as per Regulation 26 of the Listing Regulations, membership and chairpersonship of only the audit 2. For the purposes of determination of committee details as per Regulation 26 of the Listing Regulations, membership and chairpersonship of only the audit
committee and the stakeholders relationship committee across all public companies are considered. committee and the stakeholders relationship committee across all public companies are considered.
3. Details are as of March 31, 2022. 3. Details are as of March 31, 2022.
16 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2021-22 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2021-22 17

Approaching Strategy Delivering Statutory Financial
Introduction Governance BRSR
value creation review value reports statements
The Infosys
Board of Directors
The Infosys Board of Directors The Infosys Board of Directors
D. Sundaram Uri Levine Bobby Parikh Chitra Nayak
Independent Director Independent Director Independent Director Independent Director
Nationality Indian Nationality Israeli Nationality Indian Nationality American
Age 69 Age 57 Age 58 Age 59
Date of appointment July 14, 2017 Date of appointment April 20, 2020 Date of appointment July 15, 2020 Date of appointment March 25, 2021
Tenure on Board 4.7 years Tenure on Board 1.9 years Tenure on Board 1.7 years Tenure on Board 1 year
Term ending date July 13, 2022 Term ending date April 19, 2023 Term ending date July 14, 2023 Term ending date March 24, 2024
Shareholding Nil Shareholding Nil Shareholding 8,538 shares (0.00%) Shareholding Nil
Board memberships – Indian listed companies Board memberships – Indian listed companies Board memberships – Indian listed companies Board memberships – Indian listed companies
Infosys Limited Independent Director Infosys Limited Independent Director Infosys Limited Independent Director Infosys Limited Independent Director
ACC Limited Independent Director Committee details as per Regulation 26 of Biocon Limited Independent Director Committee details as per Regulation 26 of
Listing Regulations (1)(2) Listing Regulations (1)(2)
Crompton Greaves Indostar Capital
Independent Director Independent Director
Consumer Electricals Limited Member: Nil Chairperson: Nil Finance Limited Member: 1 Chairperson: Nil
GlaxoSmithKline Areas of expertise Committee details as per Regulation 26 of Areas of expertise
Independent Director
Pharmaceuticals Limited Listing Regulations (1)(2)
Diversity Board service & governance Diversity Mergers & Acquisitions
Committee details as per Regulation 26 of Member: 8 Chairperson: 4
Listing Regulations (1)(2) Global business Sales & marketing Global business Board service & governance
Areas of expertise
Member: 7 Chairperson: 5 Leadership Sustainability & ESG Leadership Sustainability & ESG
Financial Board service & governance
Areas of expertise Information Technology Risk management Information Technology Risk management
Diversity Sales & marketing
Financial Board service & governance Mergers & Acquisitions Cybersecurity Cybersecurity Sales & marketing
Global business Sustainability & ESG
Diversity Sustainability & ESG
Profile available here Profile available here
Leadership Risk management
Global business Risk management
Information Technology Mergers & Acquisitions
Leadership Mergers & Acquisitions
Cybersecurity Information Technology Profile available here
Profile available here
1. In the committee details provided, every chairpersonship is also considered as a membership. 1. In the committee details provided, every chairpersonship is also considered as a membership.
2. For the purposes of determination of committee details as per Regulation 26 of the Listing Regulations, membership and chairpersonship of only the audit 2. For the purposes of determination of committee details as per Regulation 26 of the Listing Regulations, membership and chairpersonship of only the audit
committee and the stakeholders relationship committee across all public companies are considered. committee and the stakeholders relationship committee across all public companies are considered.
3. Details are as of March 31, 2022. 3. Details are as of March 31, 2022.
18 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2021-22 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2021-22 19

Approaching Strategy Delivering Statutory Financial
Introduction Governance BRSR
value creation review value reports statements
The Infosys
leadership team
The Infosys leadership team Executive Vice Presidents
Anand Swaminathan Anant Anantharaman Andrew Groth Ashiss Kumar Dash
Segment Head – Raghavendra Adya Radhakrishnan Industry Head – Segment Head – Energy,
Communication, Media Group Practice Chief Executive Officer & Financial Services, Utilities, Resources and
and Technology Engagement Manager – Managing Director – BPM Healthcare, Insurance and Services
Cloud Services Life Sciences
Balakrishna D.R. Deepak Padaki Dinesh R. Inderpreet Sawhney Jasmeet Singh
Service Offering Head – Group Head – Corporate Co-Head of Delivery Group General Counsel Segment Head –
Energy, Utilities, Strategy, and Chief Risk and Chief Compliance Manufacturing
Communications, Officer Officer
Resources & Services
Jayesh Sanghrajka Kapil Jain Karmesh Vaswani Krishnamurthy Martha King
Deputy Chief Financial Global Head of Sales and Segment Head – CPG, Shankar Chief Client Officer
Officer Capability, IBPM Logistics & Retail Group Head – Human
Resources and Infosys
Leadership Institute
Salil Parekh Ravi Kumar S.
Chief Executive Officer and President
Managing Director
Narsimha Rao M. Rajeev Ranjan Richard Lobo Satish H.C. Shaji Mathew
Head Global Services – Service Offering Head – Head, HR – Infosys Limited Co-Head of Delivery Service Offering Head –
Nilanjan Roy Mohit Joshi
Cloud, Infrastructure and Manufacturing, India & Financial Services,
Chief Financial Officer President
Security Solutions Japan Business Units Healthcare, Insurance &
Life Sciences
Srikantan Moorthy Sumit Virmani
Head – US Operations and Chief Marketing Officer
Global Head – Education,
Training and Assessment
20 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2021-22 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2021-22 21

Approaching Strategy Delivering Statutory Financial
Introduction Governance BRSR
value creation review value reports statements
Chairman's
message
Chairman's message
Winning in the crucible of our times
As Dickens said, “It was the best of times, it was the worst performance, from upskilling and reskilling people, to
of times”; The pandemic tested us all severely. At Infosys, investing in leadership development to prepare the firm
we responded with alacrity and demonstrated exceptional for the challenges of tomorrow.
resilience in dealing with an unprecedented calamity.
In all this, we are united by a common purpose – to amplify
Even as the world experienced chaos and disruption,
human potential and create the next opportunity for
we delivered our highest annual growth in a decade.
people, businesses and communities. From actively
We responded as One Infosys.
shaping the evolving future of work for our employees to
Our CEO, Salil Parekh, a big champion of the One Infosys empowering more people to meaningfully participate in
approach, brought together all the capabilities and the digital future; from implementing sustainability in all
intellectual capital of Infosys to create value and make our campuses, to shaping carbon offset projects in the
a disproportionate impact for our clients. This required community; and by retaining the trust of all stakeholders
company-wide orchestration of our strengths, deep through sound corporate governance – we care deeply
collaboration amongst our leaders and synergizing of all about it all. Our shared sense of purpose gives us all
our business units and service lines. Salil has delivered the emotional fuel to put our best foot forward on
industry leading performance for the Company, and it is in every dimension.
the interest of the Company and its stakeholders to secure
The future – full of uncertainties – is not something that
the continuity and stability of the current leadership. I am
any of us can claim to predict. Rising interest rates, the
delighted that the Board has unanimously recommended
situation in Ukraine, the lingering impact of COVID in many
to the shareholders to approve the reappointment of Salil
parts of the world, the disruption of supply chains, all
Parekh as Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director,
accompanied by mounting costs and increased volatility,
till March 31, 2027.
is confronting corporate leaders with complexities and
The imperative to bring all our assets and capabilities challenges that are only just being understood. At the
to every client interaction required us to reimagine our same time, digital acceleration is creating tremendous
own digital infrastructure, which we have done with new opportunities for differentiation and gaining market
the ‘Live Enterprise’ approach over the last few years. leadership. Infosys is a trusted navigator for our clients as
“We are united by a The digital transformation happening across industries, they seek to create value from technology-led innovation
accelerated by the pandemic, also meant that we needed and business transformation. We know that we have never
common purpose – to strengthen our own offerings, along with deepening had as much potential as we do right now, to leverage our
our understanding of the latest technology trends. expertise to benefit our clients and the broader society.
to amplify human For example, the continuous investments we are making in This opportunity that lies before us – to make an indelible
Infosys Cobalt™-led cloud solutions is differentiating us as mark with our digital prowess, our empathy for clients,
potential and create we assist our clients to become more agile and responsive our investment in employees and a renewed sense of
in this new paradigm of how enterprises use technology. purpose - is greater than it has ever been. This gives us
the next opportunity great optimism about the future and equally puts great
Our people-first collaborative culture – staying invested
responsibility on us to make that future happen.
in talent, even as we scale our workforce globally to
for people, businesses
capitalize on expanding market opportunities – is integral
„
to the One Infosys approach. We have been striving for
and communities. Bengaluru Nandan M. Nilekani
this culture to permeate our entire talent strategy – from
May 21, 2022 Chairman
aligning incentives to ensuring learning outcomes and
Nandan M. Nilekani
Chairman
2222 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2021-22 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2021-22 23