Microsoft Corporation: Delivering data to drive
in-depth support for cloud solutions
The ongoing health crisis has created, for the • Automating the service activation process
technology industry, an upsurge in demand – • Providing a holistic and unified view of customer
especially for digital and cloud solutions. With recovery, health metrics
across industries, taking an increasingly digital
• Enabling monitoring rigor
turn, this demand is only slated to multiply. For the
• Automating root cause analysis and improving
hyperscale cloud providers, while this is clearly an
support for critical incidents
opportunity, it also brings with it the challenges of
fulfilling the sudden sharp spike in already burgeoning Microsoft’s outcomes are telling and amply quantified
demand without impacting the delivery of customer in metrics ranging from service efficiencies to customer
support and experience. satisfaction:
• Over 200 premium customers were onboarded with
Microsoft, the fastest growing amid peers in its
new programs
category, has been investing in creating new Azure
Data Centers to fulfill the demand for Azure Core • Automation of root cause analysis reducing the
Cloud Computing, Azure Data Services, Dynamics analysis cycle time by over 75% (from four weeks to
365 and Microsoft 365. Microsoft has also recently one week)
announced industry-specific cloud-based solutions • The highly customizable customer onboarding
founded on Microsoft Azure, in addition to Microsoft portal, supporting service activations, slashed
Power Platform tools and other Microsoft services average onboarding time for a customer by more
to provide industry-specific workflows, standards than 50% (from 3-6 months to just 42 days)
and components. Microsoft advancements in Azure
• The overall customer satisfaction index was
Data products like Azure Data Bricks and Synapse
significantly positively impacted
as Data drives enterprise growth. The last mile, for
Microsoft has found value in the systematic mapping
them, is about enhancing support experience for their
of diverse customer personas within each client
customers by ensuring solution quality and limiting
organization that this framework and program has
business disruptions.
enabled. This has mitigated dependence, in many
Microsoft Enhanced Support Services group, in
cases, on buy-side procurement managers as the only
partnership with Infosys, accelerated the journey to
source of customer feedback. Now Microsoft has a
differentiate the Microsoft support experience by
richer source of insights that includes an understanding
leveraging customer data across 350+ SharePoint
of customer-decision influencers and end customers
destinations, for:
further down the value chain. Data continues to pave
• Streamlining contractual agreements
the path to excellence for Microsoft.
Nimesh Kocheta
Vice President and Senior Manager –
Client Services, Infosys
“Infosys has not only been a great partner successfully and continuously delivering against our defined outcomes,
but as well a great sparring partner, challenging our current way of working! We look forward to continuing and
increasing our strategic partnership supporting our people, customers and organization alike.”
Thomas Steiner
Senior Business Program Manager, Microsoft
8 | Section Name Infosys Annual Report 2020-21 Infosys Annual Report 2020-21 Build that one data cloud to power your now and next | 9

LivePerson: Riding the cloud for growth acceleration
LivePerson, a global leader in Conversational AI SMS, websites, apps, and the messaging channels they
providing much-needed capability for conversational use every day. The partnership will enable brands to
engagement, commerce and care for all industry unlock higher growth by combining Infosys Cobalt – a
segments, was experiencing significant business set of services, solutions and platforms to accelerate an
growth due to increasing digitization from brands and enterprise’s journey into the cloud – with LivePerson’s
wanted to leverage cloud to: Conversational Cloud, a complete set of applications
• Capture increasing demand for Conversational AI and APIs for creating and managing conversational
and enable rapid business growth at scale experiences. The key areas this strategic partnership
• Enable access to rapidly-growing rich feature sets of will focus on include:
cloud systems • Direct-to-consumer conversations on consumers’
preferred messaging channels – including Apple
• Stay consistently in the fast lane to meet the
Business Chat, Google’s Business Messages,
emerging dynamics of the market
Facebook Messenger, WhatsApp, and brand
• Disrupt competition through cutting-edge
websites and apps – for marketing, sales and
technologies to propel innovation and additional
fulfillment, and customer service
business functionality
• New messaging experiences for employees
LivePerson partnered with Infosys for the planned to support business continuity, HR, finance,
digital transformation of LivePerson’s core revenue- and IT queries, drafting off Infosys’ strength in
generating business platform. Infosys is leveraging transforming these functional areas within large
its dynamic Cobalt services to deliver accelerated enterprises
transformation at scale, and performance on Cloud.
• The cloud, conversational AI, digital consulting, and
This transformation will deliver unique platform
global delivery services to build, run, integrate, and
capabilities for high resilience and consistent
scale immersive experiences for brands.
performance to their global customer base.
With the cloud future-proofing that this will provide,
Infosys has also established a 360° partnership with
LivePerson will significantly grow every year in its
LivePerson to help global brands manage AI-powered
ability to deliver on its value proposition: Messaging
conversations with consumers and employees over
solutions trusted by the world’s largest brands.
Anant Adya
Senior Vice President and Group Practice
Engagement Manager, Infosys
“Together with Infosys’ transformational services and cloud capabilities, we can redefine how the world’s major
brands communicate with consumers and engage their employees. Our Conversational Cloud includes a full set of
APIs and integration points that Infosys can help architect and weave throughout a large enterprise’s systems and
processes to generate the maximum sales impact and cost savings from conversational experiences. LivePerson
will benefit from Infosys’ partnership by continuing to scale our Conversational Cloud to meet consumers’ growing
demand for these experiences.”
Rob LoCascio
CEO and Founder, LivePerson
10 | Section Name Infosys Annual Report 2020-21 Infosys Annual Report 2020-21 Get proven industry cloud blueprints to rev up business growth | 11

28 66 148
Board’s report Management’s Standalone financial
discussion and statements
Results of our operations and state of affairs
analysis
Business description Index
Human resources management Industry structure and developments Independent Auditors’ Report
Contents 14
Corporate governance Opportunities and threats Annexure A to the Independent Auditors’
Report
Audit reports and auditors Financial condition
Annexure B to the Independent Auditors’
Corporate social responsibility Results of our operations
The future of enterprise: Report
Infosys Environment Social and Governance Outlook, risks and concerns
Driven by hybrid work, digital Balance Sheet
Annual Report Acknowledgments Internal control systems and their adequacy
acceleration and cloud Statement of Profit and Loss
2020-21 Material developments in human resources
40 Statement of Changes in Equity
/ industrial relations, including number of
16
people employed Statement of Cash Flows
Other details Overview and notes to the financial statements
Annexures to the
Letter to the Shareholder 95 212
Board’s report
18 Annexure 1:
Statement containing the salient features Corporate Consolidated
of the financial statements of subsidiaries /
associate companies / joint ventures governance report financial statements
Sharing an equitable and
Annexure 2:
Our corporate governance philosophy Index
sustainable digital future Particulars of contracts / arrangements made
with related parties Board composition Independent Auditors’ Report
21 Annexure 3: Board of Directors Annexure A to the Independent Auditors’
Report
Particulars of employees Board and executive leadership compensation
Consolidated Balance Sheet
Annexure 4: Board meetings
Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss
The Infosys Board of Directors Corporate governance compliance certificate Board committees
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
Annexure 5:
Corporate social responsibility
22 Secretarial audit report for the financial year Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
Risk management report
ended March 31, 2021
Overview and notes to the consolidated
Shareholder information
Annexure 6: financial statements
The Infosys leadership team Annual report on CSR activities 147
283
Annexure 7:
24 Conservation of energy, research and
development, technology absorption, foreign
CEO and CFO
exchange earnings and outgo Business
Annexure 8: certification responsibility report
Awards and recognition
Corporate policies
298
26
Investor contacts
Financial highlights
Infosys Annual Report 2020-21 Infosys Annual Report 2020-21

The future of enterprise: Driven by hybrid work,
digital acceleration and cloud
Even in the midst of the most tumultuous time that the Finally, investments in our people have ensured that
world has seen in over a century, we can look at Infosys’ our employees have access to the latest digital skills
performance for fiscal 2021 with quiet satisfaction. and are embracing agile ways of working. We have
Infosys has delivered industry-leading growth and is launched the Infosys Expanded Stock Ownership
in pole position for another year of market-leading Program 2019, become more global, diverse, and
performance as we start looking at the post-pandemic, deeply engaged with our widely dispersed teams in
post-cloud era. more than 50 countries working from their homes. We
have created a strong leadership pipeline to work with
What is it that our company is doing differently that
trained and motivated employees who have more than
is enabling us to be a market leader when several
proven their mettle working through the pandemic.
veterans around us struggle?
Beyond business, Infosys has been at the forefront
First and foremost, under our CEO, Salil Parekh, ably
of the ESG movement and became carbon-neutral
supported by the global senior leadership, Infosys has
in 2020 – 30 years ahead of the timeline set by the
transformed into a very client-focused company. Our
Paris Agreement.
stable and motivated leadership is working quietly
and without fuss to ensure Infosys is the partner of The proactive action that Infosys has taken, over the
choice for the world’s top companies as they navigate last three and a half years, has decisively enabled
their next in these uncertain and rapidly changing us to set the narrative for the global digital services
“The company is
times. This has led to unprecedented transformational and consulting industry. Infosys will continue to
large deals. innovate and is well-placed to lead the industry in the
investing in designing coming years.
Second, the company is investing in designing and
developing the right solutions required for accelerating Today the world is simultaneously seeing three
and developing the digital transformation. Be it Infosys CobaltTM for major transitions – the pandemic-induced model for
cloud solutions, modernization without disruption, hybrid work which requires new ways to collaborate,
big data and analytics, applied AI and automation, orchestrate and deliver, the technology transformation
right solutions required
cybersecurity, consumerization of user experience, or driven by cloud, and the digital acceleration of business
a robust innovation ecosystem – these have struck the models that are changing the way we live, work,
right chord with our clients who are keen to assimilate play, and relate to one another over digital channels.
for accelerating digital
new ideas to reinvent themselves and become more Never before have our clients so overwhelmingly
like digital natives. expressed the need for a voice of clarity in the chaos
transformation.” and confusion. They are vocal in their ask for a partner
Third, the reinvention and modernization of Infosys’
who puts clients’ best interests over their own and for a
own digital infrastructure has prepared the company
thought leader who can navigate them to their future.
well to enable our employees to work from home
Nandan M. Nilekani Our company is committed to being that partner
seamlessly and be highly productive with digital
Chairman for our clients and will work on this promise with
tools made available at their fingertips. It has also
relentless execution.
brought greater credibility to the transformation we
propose to our clients – as these principles of the Live
Enterprise have emerged and evolved from our own
hard experience.
14 | The future of enterprise: Driven by hybrid work, digital acceleration and cloud Infosys Annual Report 2020-21 Infosys Annual Report 2020-21 The future of enterprise: Driven by hybrid work, digital acceleration and cloud | 15

Letter to the Shareholder
Dear Shareholder,
My sincere wishes that each of you is safe and well in expansion of three points over the previous year. We
these times. generated approximately US$ 3 billion of free cash flow.
Our earnings per share grew by 17% over the previous
Over this past year, we were extremely focused to
year in rupee terms. We have awarded dividend of
ensure the safety and wellbeing of our over 250,000
US$ 1.5 billion for the full year and announced a share
employees. Our efforts have been wide-ranging,
buyback of US$ 1.2 billion. Our total shareholder return,
holistic, and global. In India, we have set up vaccination
over the past three years, is the highest among our
centers at our campuses, COVID-19 care centers
peer group.
across several locations, collaborated with hospitals,
ambulance services, providing oxygen supply, Our leadership team came together as One Infosys
medicines, and support for our employees and their and has been united and focused on ensuring we were
families. We have expanded our financial commitment delivering what our clients need. Our cross-functional
towards COVID-19 relief efforts to ` 200 crore, teams have brought the best of all our capabilities
supporting the communities around us. As I write this, together by working in unison, to support and drive
we are starting to see a decline in active cases and a the digital transformation journeys of our clients.
gradual increase in vaccinations in India. Demonstrating client relevance has become one of our
“The capabilities main differentiators.
Globally, to support our employees during this
challenging period, we have implemented wellbeing We turned carbon-neutral in the past year, thirty years
that we have built initiatives that range from expert help for mental ahead of the global guidelines. We have enhanced our
health to prioritizing better work-life balance. We have ESG commitments by outlining Infosys ESG Vision 2030
virtually engaged with our employees through 900 to continue our focus on shaping and sharing solutions
over the past three
initiatives, as employees continue to work remotely. that serve businesses and communities.
In this current business environment, the Company For me, it is a matter of pride to see the commitment
years, including delivered exceptional results. Our clients have been and dedication that our employees displayed
expanding their work with us, especially in the areas during this year to serve our clients. I am extremely
of digital and cloud. The capabilities that we have grateful to them, our clients, the leadership team, our
differentiated
built over the past three years, including differentiated Board members, and all our well-wishers, who have
offerings like Infosys CobaltTM, are what large enterprises supported us with their trust and guidance through
offerings like Infosys are looking for. Our market-leading capabilities in data this most challenging year.
and analytics, cybersecurity, AI, automation, and IoT
As I look ahead, I am more optimistic than ever of
are enabling us to be a critical partner for our clients.
the enormous opportunity ahead of us. Technology,
CobaltTM, are what
Our acquisitions in the past year – GuideVision, Blue
especially digital and cloud, continue to be at the
Acorn, Kaleidoscope, and Carter Digital – have helped
center of change for large enterprises globally. We are
further strengthen our digital portfolio. We are rapidly
large enterprises are among the best-positioned companies to partner with
becoming an integral part of the digital and cloud
these enterprises and help them accelerate their digital
transformation journeys of our clients.
journey to realize their objectives.
looking for.”
As a result, we had industry-leading growth in the past
Thank you for your support and guidance. Take care
financial year, at 5% in constant currency. Our digital
and stay safe.
business grew by 29% and now accounts for 52% of
Salil Parekh With warm regards,
the overall Company revenues in the fourth quarter. We
Chief Executive Officer
had over US$ 14 billion of large deals in the past year, Sd/-
and Managing Director
the highest in our history. We have continued to gain Salil Parekh
market share. Our operating margins were at 24.5%, an Bengaluru Chief Executive Officer
May 16, 2021 and Managing Director
16 | Letter to the Shareholder Infosys Annual Report 2020-21 Infosys Annual Report 2020-21 Letter to the Shareholder | 17

ESG Vision and Ambitions 2030
Shape and share solutions that serve the development of businesses and communities
Sharing an equitable and
Environment Social
sustainable digital future
Vision Vision
Serve the preservation of our planet Serve the development of people by
by shaping and sharing technology shaping a future with meaningful
solutions opportunities for all
Infosys has always put sustainability at the heart of its and developed the lens further in a more practical and
Material topics Material topics
business approach. Our ability to fulfill and exceed our comprehensive manner, to broaden our ESG focus and
responsibility to our stakeholders today and tomorrow rank our priorities in order of their importance to our
Climate change Enabling digital talent at scale
is a testament to our commitment. business and our stakeholders. In October 2020, we
launched our ESG Vision and Ambitions for 2030. Leverage technology to support the transition to a Facilitate skilling to ensure progress for all
2020 marked a milestone year for the Company. We
low-carbon world
turned carbon-neutral, 30 years ahead of the global Our focus will be steadfast on battling climate change, Ambitions
targets, fulfilling the vision of our founders towards conserving water and managing waste. On the social Ambitions • Extending digital skills to 10 Mn+ people, including
sustainable growth. In 2011, Infosys made a voluntary front, our emphasis will be on the development of • Maintaining carbon neutrality across Scope 1, 2 and employees, clients’ workforce, students, teachers
commitment to the United Nations to become carbon people, especially around digital skilling, improving 31 emissions every year and communities (2025)
neutral. We have since then embraced ambitious diversity and inclusion, delivering technology for good
• Reducing absolute Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas
goals and meticulous plans not just for environmental and energizing the communities we work in. We will
(GHG) emissions by 75%2
Tech for good
preservation, but also to develop people and serve the also redouble efforts to serve the interests of all our
• Reducing absolute Scope 3 GHG emissions by 30%
interests of our stakeholders. stakeholders, setting the benchmark in corporate Partner with society to harness the power of
• Engaging clients on climate actions through our
governance, ethics and transparency, data privacy and technology solutions in their everyday
We are committed to continuing this journey and solutions
information management.
therefore we undertook a review of the progress we Ambitions
(1) Business travel, employee commute, and transmission and distribution
made over the past decade on our sustainability goals losses • Empowering 80 Mn+ lives via tech for good
(2) Corresponds to 75% renewable energy usage
programs in e-governance, healthcare and
education (2025)
Water
ESG – Governance framework
Reduce our water footprint and enhance water Diversity and inclusion
The Board instituted an Environmental, Social and
availability in the communities where we operate
Governance Committee (ESG Committee), with Foster diversity and nurture inclusion
effect from April 14, 2021, to discharge its oversight Ambitions
Ambitions
The Board responsibility on matters related to organization-wide • Maintaining 100% wastewater recycling every year
• Creating a gender-diverse workforce at Infosys,
ESG initiatives, priorities, and leading ESG practices.
with 45% women
Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw, Lead Independent Director of
ESG Committee Waste
the Board, is the chairperson of the ESG Committee.
Independent directors Chitra Nayak and Uri Levine are Reduce, reuse and recycle to minimize waste, including
Energizing local communities
ESG Operations Council the members of the committee. The ESG Committee e-waste
Enable opportunities for communities locally
will meet periodically and guide the Board in
Ambitions
discharging its responsibilities. • Ensuring zero waste to landfill Ambitions
• Delivering 33% of work by leveraging flexible /
remote work options
“We are pleased to institute this new committee of our Board focused
Employee wellness and experience
on accelerating the integration of ESG factors into everything that we
Ensure fulfilling careers for our employees
do as a business. As a progressive company balancing financial return
to investors with unwavering focus on being sustainable and socially Ambitions
responsible, this initiative will help us nurture a well-governed model • Facilitating best-in-class employee experience and
to realize the many aspirations on our ESG roadmap.” being recognized among the best employers in our
key operating regions
Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw
Lead Independent Director and Chairperson, ESG Committee
18 | Sharing an equitable and sustainable digital future Infosys Annual Report 2020-21 Infosys Annual Report 2020-21 Sharing an equitable and sustainable digital future | 19

The Infosys Board of Directors
energy efficiency, brown field modernization &
Governance
transformation, clean energy generation & trading,
Vision and transportation electrification. In addition, we have
Serve the interests of all our executed an MoU with British Petroleum for a strategic
stakeholders by leading through collaboration to drive integrated energy offers to
our core values reduce emissions at campuses and in cities.
Material topics Tech for good
In the new normal, when everyone has been forced to
operate remotely, cloud and digital native, technology-
Corporate governance
led solutions and platforms have enabled businesses
Be a leader and get benchmarked for world-class
and governments to deal with the new conditions
corporate governance
and be resilient. Our #TechforGood initiative focuses
Ambitions on making an impact across three key segments
Nandan M. Nilekani Salil Parekh U.B. Pravin Rao
• Bringing interests of all stakeholders to the fore – eGovernance, Healthcare and Education. Large,
through our empowered, diverse and inclusive country-scale, multi-year, strategic ongoing initiatives Chairman Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director Chief Operating Officer and Whole-time Director
Board in the areas of e-Governance and education across
• Building sustainable and responsible supply chains India, Australia and the US focus on positively
impacting and enhancing the experience of citizens.
• Ensuring robust compliance and integrity practices
Read more here: https://www.infosys.com/global-
• Engaging with stakeholders through various
resource/18/tech-good-compendium.pdf
channels and earning trust through transparent
communication Facilitating best-in-class employee experience
We have amplified the reach and effectiveness of
our wellness initiatives, in response to the disruption
Data privacy
caused by the pandemic, with digital experience
Ensure the safety of stakeholder data touchpoints and a comprehensive 5C framework of
Connect, Collaborate, Celebrate, Care and Culture.
Ambitions
Infosys’ investment in best-in-class people practices has
• Adopting leading data privacy standards across
received recognitions such as the Top Employers Global
all global operations
2021 certification in 20 countries across Europe, Middle
East, Asia Pacific, and North America, as well as a Great
Information management
Place to Work® certification in India and the US, and
Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw Michael Gibbs D. Sundaram
Uphold the digital trust of our stakeholders ranking by Fortune among the Best Big Companies to
Lead Independent Director Independent Director Independent Director
Work For™ 2021 in the US.
Ambitions
• Being recognized as industry leader in our Leading with integrity
information security practices Infosys has been recognized as one of the 2021 World’s
Most Ethical Companies by Ethisphere Institute, US.
Infosys is one of only four honorees in the Software
and Services Industry globally and one of only three
Our commitment to our ESG Vision 2030 is unwavering. honorees in India. Infosys was distinguished for its
Fiscal 2021 has seen good progress in various goal undiluted commitment towards integrity and making
areas. Some of these are highlighted here: value-based decisions. The recognition additionally
spotlighted Infosys in the areas of ethics and
Enabling clients on climate change solutions
compliance, diversity, governance, and social initiatives.
This year, Infosys successfully completed over 20
projects facilitating the journey of its clients to combat For detailed information, please read our ESG Vision
climate change through business-driven IT solutions 2030 and our ESG FY21 Report here:
around CCUs, energy storage, next-generation https://www.infosys.com/about/corporate-
Uri Levine Bobby Parikh Chitra Nayak
innovative and sustainable products, renewables, responsibility.html
Independent Director Additional and Independent Director Additional and Independent Director
20 | Sharing an equitable and sustainable digital future Infosys Annual Report 2020-21 Infosys Annual Report 2020-21 The Infosys Board of Directors | 21