MS AMLIN: INSIGHTS TO NAVIGATE FROM RISK MANAGEMENT
TO STRATEGIC RESILIENCE
Organizations in the insurance industry have recently security, vulnerability management and governance,
been severely targeted by threat actors due to the along with risk and compliance management. The
huge volume of personally identifiable information platform-centric approach for security tools and
and sensitive customer financial data. To date, more controls are embedded with cognitive AI-modeled
than 100 million users have had their personally use cases and playbooks for advanced threat
identifiable information compromised in this sector, detection and response.
making cybersecurity an utmost priority.
Identity is now a crucial aspect of cybersecurity;
MS Amlin is a leading insurer and reinsurer and is part if compromised, it can trigger many lethal server
of the global top-10 insurance group MS&AD, with attacks. Infosys has, for MS Amlin, mitigated the risk of
three main legal entities’ operating in the Lloyd’s, UK, identify management by implementing SSO – single
Continental European and Bermudian markets. With a sign-on and reconciliation of privileged accounts.
300-year record, MS Amlin delivers quality service for Infosys has also helped implement multi-factor
businesses facing the most complex and demanding authentication and privilege access management
risks. Their areas of operation are mostly property & with industry-leading and best-of-breed products
casualty, marine and reinsurance markets. and solutions.
MS Amlin has chosen Infosys as their cybersecurity Network detection and response has also been
service provider to ensure comprehensive operationalized for MS Amlin to get deep and
security services powered by cognitive next-gen detailed insights on the anomalies in their
ACCELERATING THE AI-FIRST
security operations. environment.
JOURNEY FOR YOUR ENTERPRISE
Infosys offers enterprise-wide security controls Working in collaboration with MS Amlin, Infosys has
to secure MS Amlin’s IT estate, including identity been able to protect the business from evolving
protection, network security, workplace and workload threats and elevate their security posture.
“Modern enterprises, with their digital footprint growing beyond
traditional perimeters, are becoming soft targets for cybersecurity
attacks. To be risk-resilient, enterprises must embed security by
design and embrace next-gen cognitive threat management
solutions. MS Amlin and Infosys Cybersecurity are working
collaboratively to establish next-gen security operations for
threat monitoring and incident response orchestration based on
AI hypothesis.”
Andy Hodgson
CISO, MS Amlin
12 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2022-23 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2022-23 13

Contents
16 About this report
Corporate overview
18 About Infosys
19 Global presence
20 The Infosys Board of Directors
26 The Infosys leadership team
Performance overview
28 Business highlights
30 Chairman’s message
32 Letter to the Shareholder
34 Awards and ecognitions
r
Approaching value creation
38 Our business context
40 Strategy
42 Value creation model
Delivering value
44 Financial Capital
46 Human Capital
48 Intellectual Capital
50 Natural Capital
52 Manufactured Capital
54 Social and Relationship Capital
Statutory reports
58 Board’s report
70 Annexures to the Board’s report
100 Management’s discussion and analysis
117 Corporate governance report
155 Investor contacts
157 Risk management report
161 Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
205 CEO and CFO certification
Financial statements
206 Standalone
290 Consolidated
For an interactive digital experience of the report, visit:
https://www.infosys.com/content/dam/infosys-web/en/investors/reports-filings/
annual-report/annual/documents/integrated-annual-report2022-23/index.html
14 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2022-23 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2022-23 15

About this report
An introduction to the report Our capitals
Infosys adopted the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Auditors’ reports
The capitals, as described below, provide a holistic perspective of how short, medium and long-term value is created
principles to disclose performance on non-financial The Auditors’ Report for fiscal 2023 from Deloitte Haskins
and preserved at Infosys. The capitals are simultaneously inter-dependent and mutually beneficial as they create
aspects of the business 15 years ago and became the & Sells LLP, Chartered Accountants (ICAI Firm Registration
synergy across the organization. Our strategy and ESG framework help to channel all inputs through the capitals to
first IT company to publish sustainability performance Number 117366W/ W-100018) does not contain any manifest into the most impactful outputs and outcomes for all stakeholders.
in accordance with the GRI G4 (comprehensive) criteria qualification, reservation or adverse remark. The Report is
in 2014. enclosed with the financial statements in this Integrated
This is the second Integrated Annual Report of Infosys Annual Report.
Limited. Our Integrated Annual Report provides a The Secretarial Auditors’ Report for fiscal 2023 from
comprehensive overview of our company’s performance Makarand M. Joshi of Makarand M. Joshi & Co., Company
and progress over the past year. It includes quantitative Secretaries, does not contain any qualification, reservation Financial Capital Human Capital Intellectual Capital
and qualitative disclosures on material topics, such as or adverse remark. The Secretarial Auditors’ Report is
financial performance, environmental sustainability, social enclosed as Annexure 5 to the Board’s report. We obtain our Financial Capital through Nurturing talent for the future is Our Intellectual Capital is driven by
responsibility, and our relationship with our stakeholders. the funds generated from our business essential for our continued success. agility, flexibility, and innovation.
Independent assurance operations and financing activities. Our 5C model for Engagement – We are committed to working
It also describes our strategy, leadership commitment and
Our strong performance on the back Connect, Collaborate, Celebrate, Care, with experts, academia, and other
culture that celebrates people, performance and purpose. Select non-financial sustainability disclosures in this
of meticulous execution over the years, and Culture, is designed to strengthen stakeholders to develop new products
Integrated Annual Report are verified by KPMG Assurance
The Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2022-23 has been as reflected in the combination of and reinforce our culture so that it is and services that meet the needs
prepared in accordance with the International Integrated and Consulting Services LLP. The Independent Assurance high growth and profitability, has led experienced uniformly and positively of our customers and communities.
Statement for our BRSR disclosures is available as part of to building a strong, debt-free, and by employees – remote or in office. With iCETS, the Living Labs, and the
Reporting Framework, developed by the International
this Integrated Annual Report. liquid Balance Sheet. Our focus is on We have long-established paths for Infosys Innovation Network, we have
Integrated Reporting Council (IIRC), the GRI Standard and
ensuring a sustainable and profitable employee upskilling and reskilling, and a broad portfolio of solutions across
SASB Standard. This report also includes the Business Management’s review financial position. our efforts have been well rewarded, industry segments. The Infosys Prize
Responsibility and Sustainability Report (BRSR), prepared in This Integrated Annual Report has been reviewed and providing value to our people and us. and Aarohan Social Innovation awards
accordance with the guidelines issued by the Securities and recognize outstanding achievements
approved, for publication, by the Management of the
Exchange Board of India (SEBI). We have also mapped our by researchers and scholars and provide
Company.
a platform for innovators and social
contribution to the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)
Feedback entrepreneurs, respectively.
through the Infosys ESG Vision and ambitions.
The financial and statutory data disclosed in the Share your feedback about the report to
statutory sections of this report meet the requirements investors@infosys.com
of the Companies Act, 2013 (including the rules made
thereunder) and applicable SEBI Regulations.
Natural Capital Manufactured Capital Social and Relationship
Climate action has been a key focus As strong advocates of environmental Capital
area for our Natural Capital. We have stewardship extending beyond
Our Social and Relationship Capital
been at the forefront of the ESG our boundaries, our Manufactured
guides us as we bring the interests
movement and became carbon- Capital includes our energy efficient
of our stakeholders to the fore. As
neutral in 2020 – 30 years ahead of the offices, data centers, innovation hubs,
enterprises focus on reshaping
timeline set by the Paris Agreement. digital studios, and our technology
their businesses to prepare for the
Today, we incorporate environmental infrastructure across the globe. With
digital era, we are helping our clients
considerations into everything that we the highest-rated green buildings
drive transformation and sustain
do, as we power the journey towards a on our campuses and investments
gain from their large-scale business
sustainable world for all. in collaborative tech infrastructure,
transformation efforts. Our Foundations
we offer productive, safe and healthy
focus on CSR efforts globally across
workplaces for employees, clients and
the domains of education, healthcare,
contractors.
women empowerment, sustainability,
rural development, art and culture,
and disaster relief. Our social ambition
focuses on serving the development
of people by shaping a future with
meaningful opportunities for all.
16 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2022-23 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2022-23 17

Corporate overview
About Infosys
Our Purpose
To amplify human potential
and create the next
opportunity for people,
businesses and communities
Our Values
Our Company’s Code of Conduct
stands on the strong foundation
set by our values, encapsulated in
the acronym C-LIFE.
Client value
Infosys is a global leader in next- pioneered the Global Delivery Model
To surpass client expectations
generation digital services and and became the first IT company
consistently consulting. We enable clients in more from India to be listed on NASDAQ.
than 56 countries to navigate their
Even as Infosys first turned carbon
digital transformation. Leadership by example
neutral in 2020 – 30 years ahead of
To set standards in our business
With over four decades of experience the 2050 timeline set by the Paris
in managing the systems and Agreement, we articulated our ESG and transactions and be an
workings of global enterprises, Vision 2030, stating our commitment exemplar for the industry and
we expertly steer clients, as they to shape and share solutions that ourselves
navigate their digital transformation serve the development of businesses
powered by the cloud. We enable and communities. This reaffirms
Integrity and transparency
them with an AI-powered core, our long-standing commitments
To be ethical, sincere and open in
empower the business with agile focused across core areas including
digital at scale and drive continuous climate change, technology for all our transactions
improvement with always-on good, diversity and inclusion,
learning through the transfer of energizing local communities, ethics Fairness
digital skills, expertise, and ideas and transparency, data privacy and
To be objective and transaction-
from our innovation ecosystem. information management.
oriented, and thereby earn trust
We are deeply committed to being
and respect a well-governed, environmentally
3,43,234
sustainable organization where
diverse talent thrives in an inclusive Employees Excellence
workplace. To strive relentlessly, constantly
Established in 1981, from a capital of 1,872 improve ourselves, our teams, our
US$250, we have grown to become a services and products to become Active clients
company with a market capitalization
the best
of approximately US$72.35 billion.
`1,46,767 cr
In our journey of over 40 years, we
have catalyzed India’s transformation Total revenues in fiscal 2023
into the global destination for
software services talent. We
18 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2022-23 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2022-23 19
weivrevo
etaroproC
*ecneserp
labolG
dnalniF
kramneD
nedewS
sdnalrehteN
aivtaL
KU
adanaC
ainauhtiL
yawroN
cilbupeR
hcezC
dnalerI
dnaloP
muigleB
airtsuA
gruobmexuL
aitaorC ainamoR
ynamreG
ASU
napaJ
ainemrA
ecnarF
aeroK
htuoS
anihC
yekruT
lagutroP nietsnethceiL
ocixeM
rataQ
learsI
atlaM
nawiaT
gnoK
gnoH
aidnI
EAU
aibarA
iduaS
ylatI
ociR
otreuP
yragnuH
aciR
atsoC
senippilihP
aikavolS dnalreztiwS
aisyalaM
eropagniS
aibreS
ureP
airagluB
lizarB
niapS
suitiruaM
elihC
ailartsuA
anitnegrA
acirfA
htuoS
etarepo
ew
erehw
seirtnuoC
dnalaeZ
weN
yhpargoeg
yb
euneveR
32-2202
snoigeR
%8.16
aciremA
htroN
472
,enuP
ni
eciffo
tnemtrapa
llams
a
ni
snoitarepo
sti
nageb
sysofnI
%7.52
eporuE
.stnenitnoc
xis
ssorca
seciffo
evah
ew
,yadoT
.1891
ni
,aidnI
seciffo
fo
.oN
tisiv
,snoitacol
labolg
ruo
fo
sliated
roF
65
%9.9
dlroW
eht
fo
tseR
fdp.3202ecneserp-labolg/stnemucod/sgnilif-stroper/srotsevni/moc.sysofni.www//:sptth
%6.2
aidnI
seirtnuoc
fo
.oN
3202
,92
yaM
fo
sa*

Corporate overview
The Infosys Board of Directors
Note: The Board and Committee composition is as of March 31, 2023.
Nandan M. Nilekani Salil Parekh Bobby Parikh Chitra Nayak
Chairman Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director Independent Director Independent Director
Chairperson Chairperson
Audit Committee Environmental, Social and Governance Committee
Member Member
Risk Management Committee Corporate Social Responsibility Committee
Stakeholders Relationship Committee Risk Management Committee
Stakeholders Relationship Committee
D. Sundaram Michael Gibbs Govind Iyer Uri Levine
Lead Independent Director Independent Director Independent Director Independent Director*
Chairperson Chairperson Chairperson Member
Nomination and Remuneration Committee Stakeholders Relationship Committee Corporate Social Responsibility Committee Corporate Social Responsibility Committee
Risk Management Committee Cybersecurity Risk Sub-committee Environmental, Social and Governance Committee
Risk Management Committee
Member Member Member
Cybersecurity Risk Sub-committee
Audit Committee Audit Committee Nomination and Remuneration Committee
Stakeholders Relationship Committee Nomination and Remuneration Committee Environmental, Social and Governance Committee
* Retired on April 19, 2023
Cybersecurity Risk Sub-committee Risk Management Committee Risk Management Committee
Cybersecurity Risk Sub-committee
20 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2022-23 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2022-23 21

The Infosys Board of Directors
Nandan M. Nilekani
Chairman and Non-Executive and D. Sundaram
Non-Independent Director (Promoter) Lead Independent Director
Age: 67 Age: 70
Nationality: Indian Nationality: Indian
Date of appointment Board memberships – Indian listed companies Areas of expertise Date of appointment Board memberships – Indian listed companies Areas of expertise
August 24, 2017 Infosys Limited: Non-Executive and • Financial July 14, 2017 Infosys Limited: Independent Director • Financial
Tenure on Board Non-Independent Director • Diversity Date of reappointment Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited: • Diversity
5.6 years Committee details (1)(2) • Global business July 14, 2022 Independent Director • Global business
• Leadership GlaxoSmithKline Pharmaceuticals Limited: • Leadership
Member: Nil
Term ending date Chairperson: Nil • Information Technology Tenure on Board Independent Director • Information Technology
• Cybersecurity 5.7 years • Cybersecurity
NA
• Board service & governance Committee details (1)(2) • Board service & governance
Shareholding • Sales & marketing Term ending date Member: 5 • Sustainability & ESG
4,07,83,162 shares (0.98%) • Sustainability & ESG July 13, 2027 Chairperson: 2 • Risk management
• Risk management • Mergers & Acquisitions
Shareholding
• Mergers & Acquisitions
Nil
Read full profile at: https://www.infosys.com/about/management-profiles/nandan-nilekani.html
Read full profile at: https://www.infosys.com/about/management-profiles/d-sundaram.html
Salil Parekh
Chief Executive Officer and Michael Gibbs
Managing Director Independent Director
Age: 58 Age: 65
Nationality: Indian Nationality: American
Date of appointment Board memberships – Indian listed companies Areas of expertise Date of appointment Board memberships – Indian listed Areas of expertise
January 02, 2018 Infosys Limited: Executive Director • Financial July 13, 2018 companies • Financial
• Diversity Infosys Limited: Independent Director • Diversity
Date of reappointment Committee details (1)(2) Date of reappointment
• Global business • Global business
July 01, 2022 Member: Nil • Leadership July 13, 2021 Committee details (1)(2) • Leadership
Tenure on Board Chairperson: Nil • Information Technology Tenure on Board Member: 2 • Information Technology
5.2 years • Cybersecurity 4.7 years Chairperson: 1 • Cybersecurity
• Board service & governance • Board service & governance
Term ending date • Sales & marketing Term ending date • Sales & marketing
March 31, 2027 • Sustainability & ESG July 12, 2026 • Sustainability & ESG
• Risk management • Risk management
Shareholding Shareholding
• Mergers & Acquisitions • Mergers & Acquisitions
7,86,658 shares (0.02%) Nil
Read full profile at: https://www.infosys.com/about/management-profiles/salil-parekh.html Read full profile at: https://www.infosys.com/about/management-profiles/michael-gibbs.html
1. In the committee details provided, every chairpersonship is also considered as a membership. 1. In the committee details provided, every chairpersonship is also considered as a membership.
2. For the purposes of determination of committee details as per Regulation 26 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 2. For the purposes of determination of committee details as per Regulation 26 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015
(“Listing Regulations”), membership and chairpersonship of only the audit committee and the stakeholders relationship committee across all public companies are (“Listing Regulations”), membership and chairpersonship of only the audit committee and the stakeholders relationship committee across all public companies are
considered. considered.
3. Details are as of March 31, 2023. 3. Details are as of March 31, 2023.
22 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2022-23 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2022-23 23

The Infosys Board of Directors
Bobby Parikh Govind Iyer
Independent Director Independent Director
Age: 59 Age: 60
Nationality: Indian Nationality: Indian
Date of appointment Board memberships – Indian listed companies Areas of expertise Date of appointment Board memberships – Indian listed companies Areas of expertise
July 15, 2020 Infosys Limited: Independent Director • Financial January 12, 2023 Infosys Limited: Independent Director • Diversity
Biocon Limited: Independent Director • Diversity • Global business
Tenure on Board Indostar Capital Finance Limited: Independent • Global business Tenure on Board Committee details (1)(2) • Leadership
2.7 years Director • Leadership 0.2 years Member: Nil • Cybersecurity
Chairperson: Nil
• Information Technology • Board service & governance
Term ending date Committee details (1)(2) Term ending date
• Board service & governance • Sales & marketing
July 14, 2023 Member: 7 January 11, 2028
• Sales & marketing • Sustainability & ESG
Chairperson: 4
Shareholding • Sustainability & ESG Shareholding • Risk management
6,887 shares (0.00%) • Risk management 991 shares (0.00%)
• Mergers & Acquisitions
Read full profile at: https://www.infosys.com/about/management-profiles/bobby-parikh.html Read full profile at: https://www.infosys.com/about/management-profiles/govind-iyer.html
Chitra Nayak Uri Levine
Independent Director Independent Director
Age: 60 Age: 58
Nationality: American Nationality: Israeli
Date of appointment Board memberships – Indian listed companies Areas of expertise Date of appointment Board memberships – Indian listed companies Areas of expertise
March 25, 2021 Infosys Limited: Independent Director • Diversity April 20, 2020 Infosys Limited: Independent Director • Diversity
• Global business • Global business
Tenure on Board Committee details (1)(2) Tenure on Board Committee details (1)(2)
• Leadership • Leadership
2 years Member: 1 2.9 years Member: Nil
• Information Technology • Information Technology
Chairperson: Nil Chairperson: Nil
• Cybersecurity • Cybersecurity
Term ending date Term ending date
• Board service & governance • Board service & governance
March 24, 2024 April 19, 2023
• Sales & marketing • Sales & marketing
Shareholding • Sustainability & ESG Shareholding • Sustainability & ESG
Nil • Risk management Nil • Risk management
• Mergers & Acquisitions • Mergers & Acquisitions
Read full profile at: https://www.infosys.com/about/management-profiles/chitra-nayak.html Read full profile at: https://www.infosys.com/campaigns/profile-uri-levine.html
1. In the committee details provided, every chairpersonship is also considered as a membership. 1. In the committee details provided, every chairpersonship is also considered as a membership.
2. For the purposes of determination of committee details as per Regulation 26 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 2. For the purposes of determination of committee details as per Regulation 26 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015
(“Listing Regulations”), membership and chairpersonship of only the audit committee and the stakeholders relationship committee across all public companies are (“Listing Regulations”), membership and chairpersonship of only the audit committee and the stakeholders relationship committee across all public companies are
considered. considered.
3. Details are as of March 31, 2023. 3. Details are as of March 31, 2023.
24 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2022-23 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2022-23 25